In quantitative science the procedure and technical aspects of actually conducting the experiment, study or simply delving into a scientific question is not above being able to convey and share results. Without appropriate and effective channels for communicating results of a study its impact and importance will be hindered. Without taking appropriate steps great findings can be lost within a poor form of communication which does not bring attention to them and their possible impact. Data which is presented visually should include a purpose that is not convoluted or difficult for the audience to understand. This clarity should stem from having a scientific question which is precise and also from having specific objectives for the visualization. Visuals should have purpose in what they are trying to convey and this purpose should be explicit and able to be interpreted by the audience. The visuals should be created with the scientific question that is being explored in mind, they should be interwoven tightly and the question should act as a guide for how to craft the visual. The visualization should also be created so that data which is most important to the scientific question is clearly identifiable to the audience, while summary statistics can also be effective showing the full data set is ideal. The whole point of data visualization is to use a channel of communication which simplifies data for the audience. Therefore it should be ensured that the data you provide is nothing less than what you want to communicate but also that there isn’t an abundance of writing or unnecessary aspects of the visual for the audience to get lost in. The visual should also have an explicit message, not a message that the audience has to interpret and infer but one that is not just easy to understand but also effectively impossible to miss. How the message is conveyed should exploit how the audience interprets visuals. Colors for important and relevant data should be vibrant to draw attention, make the data visually concise to minimize the amount of work the audience has to do to find data. Furthermore the data should be presented in a form that the audience is good at interpreting, using size or common scales to present data is powerful. Allow for each major part of the visual to stand alone, individual plots should be able to be interpreted without the aid of others. The message the visual is conveying should be created in both the visual and its text to make it available through multiple channels. Using all of these principles which highlight the purpose, conciseness or simplicity and message of a visual are crucial to conveying data from a scientific question’s results to an audience. (Word Count 452).
